
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE---READ BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE

CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE USING THIS
PACKAGE, USING THIS PACKAGE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.  

DEFINITIONS:  

The Software Product.  The Software Product licensed under this Agreement
consists of computer programs, data compilation(s), and documentation referred
to as TGetDiskSerial for Delphi (the "Software Product").

The Software Product is licensed (not sold) to You, and Devlib,Inc. ("Vendor") owns 
all copyright, trade secret, patent and other proprietary rights in the 
Software Product.

LICENSE:

     1.  Evaluation Version License Grant.  If You have downloaded or
otherwise received an evaluation version of the Software Product, You are
authorized to use the Software Product on a royalty-free basis for evaluation
purposes during the initial evaluation period of thirty (30) days.  During the
evaluation period, You may copy the Software Product for archival purposes,
provided that any copy must contain the original Software Product's
proprietary notices in unaltered form, and You may distribute and/or transmit
as many copies to others as You wish.  You have the option to register for
full use of the Software Product at any time during the evaluation period by
following the instructions in the accompanying documentation, including the
payment of the required license fee.  Your use of the Software Product for any
purpose after the expiration of the initial evaluation period is not
authorized.
     
     2.  Registered Version License Grant For Single Copies (Non-Network Use).
If You are a registered user of the Software Product, You are granted
non-exclusive rights to install and use the Software Product in accordance
with either one of the following authorized uses, but not both: (i) by a
single person who uses the Software Product only on one or  more computers or
workstations, or (ii) as installed on any single computer or workstation,
provided the single computer or workstation is used non-simultaneously by
multiple persons. You may copy the Software Product for archival purposes,
provided that any copy must contain the original Software Product's
proprietary notices in unaltered form.

     3.  Registered Version License Grant For Network Use.  If You are a
registered user of the Software Product, You are granted non-exclusive rights
to install and use the Software Product and/or transmit the Software Product
over an internal computer network, provided You acquire and dedicate a
licensed copy of the Software Product for each user who may access the
Software Product concurrently with any other user.  If a copy of the Software
Product is used concurrently, then You must have some software mechanism which
locks out any concurrent users in excess of the number of licensed copies of
the Software Product.  You may copy the Software Product for archival
purposes, provided that any copy must contain the original Software Product's
proprietary notices in unaltered form.

     4.  Purchase of Additional Licenses.  Registered users of the Software
Product may purchase license rights for additional authorized use of the
Software Product in accordance with Vendor's then-current volume pricing
schedule.  Such additional licenses shall be governed by the terms and
conditions hereof.  You agree that, absent Vendor's express written acceptance
thereof, the terms and conditions contained in any purchase order or other
document issued by You to Vendor for the purchase of additional licenses,
shall not be binding on Vendor to the extent that such terms and conditions
are additional to or inconsistent with those contained in this Agreement.

RESTRICTIONS:

You may not: (i) permit others to use the Software Product, except as
expressly provided above for authorized network use; (ii) modify the Software
Product; (iii) copy the Software Product, except as expressly provided above;
or (iv) remove or obscure any proprietary rights notices or labels on the
Software Product.

TRANSFERS:

You may not transfer the Software Product or any rights under this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Vendor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  A condition to any transfer or assignment shall be
that the recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement.  Any attempted
transfer or assignment in violation of this provision shall be null and void.

LIMITED SOFTWARE PRODUCT WARRANTY:

Vendor does not warrant the contents of the Software Product or that it will
be error free.  The Software Product is furnished "AS IS" and without warranty
as to the performance or results You may obtain by using the Software Product.
The entire risk as to the results and performance of the Software Product is
assumed by You.

SPECIFIC EXCLUSION OF OTHER WARRANTIES:

The warranty provided above is in lieu of all other warranties, and there are
no other warranties, representations or guarantees of any kind whatsoever,
either express or implied, whether arising by statute, agreement, tort,
product liability or otherwise, regarding the Software Product, or any other
materials to be supplied by Vendor, including warranties as to
merchantability, fitness for purpose, design, condition or quality.

NO CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS:

In no event will Vendor or its third party suppliers be liable to You for lost
profits, lost savings or any punitive, exemplary, incidental, consequential or
special damages arising out of the possession or use of the Software Product,
or any other materials to be supplied hereunder.

LIMITATION OF DAMAGES:

If, despite the foregoing, for any reason Vendor becomes liable to You,
Vendor's liability will be limited to the amounts paid by You to Vendor for
those units of Software Product licensed which have given rise to such
liability.

PERMITS:

You are exclusively responsible for obtaining any approvals, permits, licenses
or other permissions necessary for You to export, import, possess, install,
use or operate the Software Product in a territory, unless otherwise agreed to
in writing by Vendor.  This includes, but is not limited to, in the case of
telecommunications products, obtaining applicable licenses from any
telecommunications agencies, authorities or companies having jurisdiction
before installing, interfacing, interconnecting or operating the Software
Product.

EXCLUSIONS:

The Software Product is not specifically designed, manufactured or intended
for use as parts, components or assemblies for the planning, construction,
maintenance, operation or use of any nuclear facility nor for the flight
safety or navigation of aircraft or ground support equipment, nor for use in
any medical device or life-sustaining application.  If You are using the
Software Product for these applications You agree that, the Vendor is not
liable, in whole or in part, for any claims or damages arising from such use
and You agree to indemnify and hold Vendor harmless from any claims for lost,
cost, damage, expense or liability arising out of or in connection with the
use and performance of the Software Product in such excluded applications.

TERMINATION:

This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time
by destroying the Software Product, including all computer programs and
documentation, and erasing any copies residing on computer equipment.  This
Agreement also will terminate if You do not comply with any terms or
conditions of this agreement.  Upon such termination You agree to destroy the
Software Product and erase all copies residing on computer equipment.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT:

This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties as to the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior or
contemporaneous agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter,
and shall take precedence over any additional or conflicting terms which may be
contained in Your purchase orders or Vendor's acknowledgement thereof.

Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Devlib,Inc. All Rights Reserved

Devlib
http://www.devlib.net